Just wait for me a little longer and I'll bring the food over.
Next time, I won't see you.
You are, your principle brother,
I won’t see you, your eldest brother,
You are still as beautiful as before.
It’s An Xin’s birthday tomorrow. Please invite me back to have dinner with you.
Are you back again?
Well, you saw it with your own eyes, your mother is really,
What about eating? You obviously want me to remember it. I believe it.
Not getting married anymore.
Member, who is this?
You are not married anymore, you are married.
Well, you're married. Well, you're married. Well, you're married. Well, you're married. Well, you're married. Well, you're married. Well, you're married. Well, you're married. Well, You're married. Well, you're married.
This is my husband's meal
He's my hairy boy, Congressman
Can you be a man?
Can you recognize me? No, I don’t know you.
Don't recognize the mistake
They are all more beautiful
Go home for dinner tomorrow
I found and hired a congressman to help me live.